
Looking at the Replit conversation, I see the issue. Here are the likely reasons:
1. Absolute Positioning Problem
The button is positioned absolute on a relative container, but the welcome screen card doesn't have position: relative. This means the button might be floating somewhere off-screen.
2. The Real Fix Needed
In the WelcomeScreen component, the button needs to be INSIDE the white card div, not floating outside. Here's what's wrong:
jsx// CURRENT (WRONG):
<div className="bg-white rounded-2xl p-8 max-w-md w-full text-center shadow-2xl">
  <button className="absolute top-4 right-4...">  // This is positioned relative to viewport, not the card!
3. The Simple Solution
Add relative to the card container:
jsx<div className="bg-white rounded-2xl p-8 max-w-md w-full text-center shadow-2xl relative">
🎯 Tell Replit This:
"The parent guide button is using absolute positioning but the parent container doesn't have position: relative. Add relative to the white card's className in WelcomeScreen. The button is probably rendering outside the visible area."
🚨 Or Just Use This Simpler Approach:
Instead of all the positioning complexity, just put a simple button at the top of the card:
jsx<button onClick={onGuide} className="mb-4 px-4 py-2 bg-purple-500 text-white rounded-lg">
  📖 Parent Guide (5 min)
</button>
The issue isn't your browser - it's that the button is literally positioned outside the card because of missing CSS!RetryQYou're absolutely right! I already added relative to the container but let me check if there's another issue:
Opened client/src/App.jsx
I can see the positioning is correct - the white card DOES have relative and the button should be positioned correctly. The issue might be browser-specific. But you now have THREE ways to access the Parent Guide:
1. Purple button - Top-right corner (may have browser issues)
2. Orange button - "📖 PARENT GUIDE (5 min setup)" at the very top
3. Text link - "Need help? Read 5-minute guide" at the bottom
Can you see the bright orange "📖 PARENT GUIDE (5 min setup)" button at the top of the white card? That one should definitely be visible and working regardless of any positioning issues with the absolute-positioned button.EditPondered user's button visibility and potential browser issues.2sThe user is showing me that Replit has already added relative to the container, but they still can't see the parent guide button. Looking at the code, Replit has added both:

The absolute positioned button in top-right
An orange backup button at the top

The user is asking if they can see the orange button. Since I can't actually see their screen, I should acknowledge this and provide clear guidance about what they should be seeing and what to do if they still can't see it.🎯 You Should See THREE Parent Guide Options:
1. Orange Button (Most Obvious)

Location: At the very TOP of the white card
Text: "📖 PARENT GUIDE (5 min setup)"
Color: Bright orange background
Should be impossible to miss!

2. Purple Circle Button

Location: Top-right corner of white card
Icon: White (i) info symbol
May have browser rendering issues

3. Text Link

Location: Bottom, below the Next button
Text: "Need help? Read 5-minute guide"
Color: Purple underlined text

🤔 If You STILL Can't See Any of Them:
Try This:

Hard refresh: Ctrl+F5 (or Cmd+Shift+R on Mac)
Check zoom level: Reset to 100% (Ctrl+0)
Try different browser: Chrome/Firefox/Edge
Clear cache: Browser might be showing old version

Tell Replit:
"I can't see ANY of the three parent guide buttons - not the orange one, purple circle, or text link. Please verify the code is actually deployed and running the latest version."
🚨 Quick Test:
Can you see:

The "My Name Is" title?
The name input field?
The gray "Next" button?

If yes but no parent guide buttons, there's definitely a deployment sync issue.
The orange button especially should be VERY visible - it's the first thing in the card!RetryQthis what I see but maybe I need to clear cache etcEditInvestigated screenshot discrepancies and potential deployment issues.5sLooking at the screenshot, I can see:

The purple/pink gradient background
The white card with "My Name Is" title
The subtitle "Help your child learn their name with your voice"
The name input field
The gray "Next" button
The footer text about privacy

But I DON'T see:

The orange "📖 PARENT GUIDE (5 min setup)" button at the top
The purple circle info button in the top-right
The "Need help? Read 5-minute guide" text link
The "Created with ❤️ by BoredMamaApp" attribution

This means either:

The code in Replit hasn't been saved/deployed properly
There's a caching issue
The wrong version is running

The screenshot shows a MUCH simpler version than what should be deployed based on the code we've been working with.🚨 This is NOT the correct version!
Looking at your screenshot, you're seeing a very basic version that's missing:
❌ Orange Parent Guide button at the top
❌ Purple info button in top-right corner
❌ "Need help?" text link below Next button
❌ "Created by BoredMamaApp" attribution
🔧 This is a Deployment/Cache Issue
Try These Steps:

Hard Refresh (Most Important!)

Windows/Linux: Ctrl + F5
Mac: Cmd + Shift + R
This forces browser to load fresh version


Clear Browser Cache

Chrome: Settings → Privacy → Clear browsing data
Check "Cached images and files"
Clear last hour


Check Replit Status

In Replit, look for any error messages
Make sure it says "Webview" is running
Try clicking "Reload" button in Replit


Try Incognito/Private Window

This bypasses all cache
If it works here, it's definitely a cache issue



🎯 Tell Replit:
"The deployment is showing an old cached version. The Parent Guide buttons, attribution, and other features are missing. Please verify the latest code is actually deployed and force a refresh."
✅ You Should See:

Orange button at top
Purple circle button top-right
"Need help?" link at bottom
Full attribution text

Your browser is showing an outdated version - the code is there but not reaching you!